Adds job definitions to the Glossary (#238)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/glossary/glossary.asciidoc

+
//Source: Elasticsearch
endif::elasticsearch-terms[]
ifdef::xpack-terms[]
[[glossary-anomaly-detection-job]] {anomaly-job} ::

{anomaly-jobs-cap} contain the configuration information and metadata
necessary to perform an analytics task. See

> {stack-ov}/ml-jobs.html[{ml-jobs-cap}].

Author: ```suggestion
{ml-docs}/ml-jobs.html[{ml-jobs-cap}].
```

endif::logstash-terms[]
ifdef::xpack-terms[]

[[glossary-ml-job]][[glossary-job]] job ::

> Machine learning jobs contain the configuration information and metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ml-cap} jobs contain the configuration information and metadata
```
